:has() is not forgiving. (#23237)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/selector_list/index.md

A relative selector list is a comma-separated selector list parsed as [relative selectors](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Selectors#relative_selector), which begin with an explicit or implied combinator.

```css
h2:has(+ p, + ul.red) {
  font-style: italic;
}
```

> In the above, an `h2` that is immediately followed by a `<p>` or a `<ul class="red">`, will be italic. Note that pseudo-elements and the `:has()` selector are not valid within a [`:has()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:has) relative selector list parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, the italic style will be applied to any `h2` heading that is immediately followed by `<p>` or `<ul class="red">`. Note that pseudo-elements and the `:has()` selector are not valid within the [`:has()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:has) relative selector list.
```
